# Referral Bonuses

Referrals from people who already work at KitSplit are one of the best signals we can get about whether or not a candidate will be successful at KitSplit. KitSplit employees understand KitSplit’s needs and what it’s like to work at KitSplit, and their relationship with the candidate means they know a lot more than we can learn during an interview process.

In order to get good referrals, everyone needs to know which positions are open, know how to start the recruiting process, have time to search their network, and feel aligned with the company incentives. Open positions should be posted in slack so that everyone sees who we’re trying to hire. 

**We offer a $1,000 referral bonus for any new hire that comes from an employee referral to help align company incentives with individual incentives.** All employees (except the 3 founders) are eligible for the referral bonus. The referral date can’t be earlier than the date the job is posted and the hiring of the referred employee has to happen within 180 days (six months) of the initial referral. The referral must represent the candidate’s first contact with Clef, and only the first employee to refer a candidate can get the bonus. The referrer should send the candidate’s information to a founder, should make an introduction to the candidate, and should expect to be engaged during the recruiting and interview process. The referring employee must still be employed by KitSplit during the hired candidate’s first 30 days of employment, and will be paid within 90 days of the referred employee’s first day. 
